meetings.md, before:

# Meeting agendas

## 2023-02-22 Wednesday

### Agenda

Expected: Briana Wham, Rick Gilmore, Frank Hillary, Nicole Lazar

1. Old business
  - [Article](https://stanforddaily.com/2023/02/17/internal-review-found-falsified-data-in-stanford-presidents-alzheimers-research-colleagues-allege/) about data fabrication accusations at Stanford.
  - Reports (all)
  - Review [roadmap](README.md)
    - Report on Friday (2/17) CSC meeting (Nicole & Rick).
        - [Paper](http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-018-04976-1) by Milham et al. on impact of data sharing in brain imaging.
    - Report on "Love Data Week" (2/13-17) (Briana).
  - Update on project goals image draft (Frank & Briana)
    - [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/116Tl3tDfcpXunZsw73CNYZ6qKN8ODmrP/edit?pli=1#slide=id.p1) from Frank.
  - Center name (All)
  - Update on [survey results](https://penn-state-open-science.github.io/survey-fall-2022/data-visualization.html)
    - Still few or no responses from HHD or ECoS.
2. New business
  - Open Science Bootcamp.
    - We are pursuing a bootcamp, integrated with existing workshops, e.g., from [library](https://pennstateoffice365.sharepoint.com/sites/Fall2022-DataManagementResearchReproducibilityinRWorkshopSeries?e=1%3Ae9270d670d5d4d21b56146cfceffb363) and building on the Psychology/HHD [2019 version](https://github.com/psu-psychology/r-bootcamp-2019).
    - CSC staff investigating sites for August 16-18 that permit food & meetings.
    - Library has Collaborative Commons that we should investigate.
  - Meet during ~Spring Break (3/8)~ or ~punt until 3/22~?
    - Moved 3/22 meeting to 3/15.
    
**Next meeting Wednesday, March 15, 2023 at 3:00 pm**

## 2023-02-08 Wednesday

### Agenda

Expected: Briana Wham, Rick Gilmore, Frank Hillary, Nicole Lazar

1. Old business
  - Reports (all)
  - Review [roadmap](README.md)
    - Nicole and Frank will join Rick at next Friday (2/17) CSC meeting. Rick will provide more info about where, when, and topics.
    - Briana has tentative commitment from Christopher Gandrud, author of [Reproducible Research with R & RStudio](https://www.amazon.com/Reproducible-Research-RStudio-Chapman-Hall-dp-0367144026/dp/0367144026/ref=dp_ob_title_bk) for talk later in the year.
    - For "Love Data Week" (2/13-17), library will have table with info, activities. Rick will send QR code to Briana with link to survey.
  - Project goals draft (Hillary)
    - Nice [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/116Tl3tDfcpXunZsw73CNYZ6qKN8ODmrP/edit?pli=1#slide=id.p1) from Frank. Briana will work with Frank to incorporate existing initiatives at PSU.
      
  - Center name (All)
2. New business
  - Review [survey results](https://penn-state-open-science.github.io/survey-fall-2022/data-visualization.html)
    - CLA and College of Ed have/are responding.
    - Action items, follow-up?
        - Nicole will talk with her college; Briana will talk with library colleagues again.
  - [R Bootcamp](https://github.com/psu-psychology/r-bootcamp-2019) rebooted? (Gilmore)
    - Agreed to pursue some sort of bootcamp, integrate with existing workshops, e.g., from [library](https://pennstateoffice365.sharepoint.com/sites/Fall2022-DataManagementResearchReproducibilityinRWorkshopSeries?e=1%3Ae9270d670d5d4d21b56146cfceffb363)
    
**Next meeting: Wednesday, February 22, 2023, 3:00 pm**
    
---

## ~~2023-01-25 Wednesday~~

**MEETING CANCELLED**

### Agenda

Expected: Briana Wham, Rick Gilmore, Frank Hillary

1. Old business
  - Review [roadmap](README.md)
  - Project goals draft (Hillary)
  - ~~Center name (All)~~: Defer until all are present
2. New business
  - Review [survey results](https://penn-state-open-science.github.io/survey-fall-2022/data-visualization.html)
    - CLA and College of Ed have/are responding.
    - Action items, follow-up?
  - [R Bootcamp](https://github.com/psu-psychology/r-bootcamp-2019) rebooted? (Gilmore)
  
---
  
## 2023-01-11 Wednesday

### Agenda

Attending: Nicole Lazar, Briana Wham, Rick Gilmore

1. Old business
  - Review [roadmap](README.md)
  - ~~Project goals draft (Frank)~~
  - Suggest and vote on preferred names (all; see below)
      - Center for Open, Transparent, and Reproducible Research (C-OTRR)
      - Initiative for Open, Transparent, and Reproducible Research (I-OTTR)
      - Robust and Open Science Initiative (ROSI)
      - Robust, Reproducible and Open Science Initiative (RROSI)
      - Center for Robust, Reproducible, and Open Science (C-RROSci)
      - ~~Open Data and Open Research (ODOR)~~
      - Center for Open and REproducible Science (CORES), Stanford Center
2. New business
  - Edit survey draft (or not) based on comments from James LeBreton (all).
      - Discussed making minor edits (Rick will finish)
  - Updates about Ed O’Brien proposal (Briana, Nicole).
  - Input on PSU libraries grad fellowship application due 1/13 (Briana and all).
      - Decided not to pursue at this time.

**NEXT MEETING**: Wednesday, January 25, 2023, 3:00 PM on <https://psu.zoom.us/my/rogilmore>

Commit message:

Add open journal idea to meeting notes.

meetings.md, after:

# Meeting agendas

## 2023-02-22 Wednesday

### Agenda

Expected: Briana Wham, Rick Gilmore, Frank Hillary, Nicole Lazar

1. Old business
  - [Article](https://stanforddaily.com/2023/02/17/internal-review-found-falsified-data-in-stanford-presidents-alzheimers-research-colleagues-allege/) about data fabrication accusations at Stanford.
  - Reports (all)
  - Review [roadmap](README.md)
    - Report on Friday (2/17) CSC meeting (Nicole & Rick).
        - [Paper](http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-018-04976-1) by Milham et al. on impact of data sharing in brain imaging.
    - Report on "Love Data Week" (2/13-17) (Briana).
  - Update on project goals image draft (Frank & Briana)
    - [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/116Tl3tDfcpXunZsw73CNYZ6qKN8ODmrP/edit?pli=1#slide=id.p1) from Frank.
  - Center name (All)
  - Update on [survey results](https://penn-state-open-science.github.io/survey-fall-2022/data-visualization.html)
    - Still few or no responses from HHD or ECoS.
2. New business
  - Open Science Bootcamp.
    - We are pursuing a bootcamp, integrated with existing workshops, e.g., from [library](https://pennstateoffice365.sharepoint.com/sites/Fall2022-DataManagementResearchReproducibilityinRWorkshopSeries?e=1%3Ae9270d670d5d4d21b56146cfceffb363) and building on the Psychology/HHD [2019 version](https://github.com/psu-psychology/r-bootcamp-2019).
    - CSC staff investigating sites for August 16-18 that permit food & meetings.
    - Library has Collaborative Commons that we should investigate.
  - Meet during ~Spring Break (3/8)~ or ~punt until 3/22~?
    - Moved 3/22 meeting to 3/15.
  - Mentioned possibility of starting a journal on open science. This was also suggested in some conversations with Huck leadership. Here is a PSU resource: <https://openpublishing.psu.edu/journals>.
    
**Next meeting Wednesday, March 15, 2023 at 3:00 pm**

## 2023-02-08 Wednesday

### Agenda

Expected: Briana Wham, Rick Gilmore, Frank Hillary, Nicole Lazar

1. Old business
  - Reports (all)
  - Review [roadmap](README.md)
    - Nicole and Frank will join Rick at next Friday (2/17) CSC meeting. Rick will provide more info about where, when, and topics.
    - Briana has tentative commitment from Christopher Gandrud, author of [Reproducible Research with R & RStudio](https://www.amazon.com/Reproducible-Research-RStudio-Chapman-Hall-dp-0367144026/dp/0367144026/ref=dp_ob_title_bk) for talk later in the year.
    - For "Love Data Week" (2/13-17), library will have table with info, activities. Rick will send QR code to Briana with link to survey.
  - Project goals draft (Hillary)
    - Nice [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/116Tl3tDfcpXunZsw73CNYZ6qKN8ODmrP/edit?pli=1#slide=id.p1) from Frank. Briana will work with Frank to incorporate existing initiatives at PSU.
      
  - Center name (All)
2. New business
  - Review [survey results](https://penn-state-open-science.github.io/survey-fall-2022/data-visualization.html)
    - CLA and College of Ed have/are responding.
    - Action items, follow-up?
        - Nicole will talk with her college; Briana will talk with library colleagues again.
  - [R Bootcamp](https://github.com/psu-psychology/r-bootcamp-2019) rebooted? (Gilmore)
    - Agreed to pursue some sort of bootcamp, integrate with existing workshops, e.g., from [library](https://pennstateoffice365.sharepoint.com/sites/Fall2022-DataManagementResearchReproducibilityinRWorkshopSeries?e=1%3Ae9270d670d5d4d21b56146cfceffb363)
    
**Next meeting: Wednesday, February 22, 2023, 3:00 pm**
    
---

## ~~2023-01-25 Wednesday~~

**MEETING CANCELLED**

### Agenda

Expected: Briana Wham, Rick Gilmore, Frank Hillary

1. Old business
  - Review [roadmap](README.md)
  - Project goals draft (Hillary)
  - ~~Center name (All)~~: Defer until all are present
2. New business
  - Review [survey results](https://penn-state-open-science.github.io/survey-fall-2022/data-visualization.html)
    - CLA and College of Ed have/are responding.
    - Action items, follow-up?
  - [R Bootcamp](https://github.com/psu-psychology/r-bootcamp-2019) rebooted? (Gilmore)
  
---
  
## 2023-01-11 Wednesday

### Agenda

Attending: Nicole Lazar, Briana Wham, Rick Gilmore

1. Old business
  - Review [roadmap](README.md)
  - ~~Project goals draft (Frank)~~
  - Suggest and vote on preferred names (all; see below)
      - Center for Open, Transparent, and Reproducible Research (C-OTRR)
      - Initiative for Open, Transparent, and Reproducible Research (I-OTTR)
      - Robust and Open Science Initiative (ROSI)
      - Robust, Reproducible and Open Science Initiative (RROSI)
      - Center for Robust, Reproducible, and Open Science (C-RROSci)
      - ~~Open Data and Open Research (ODOR)~~
      - Center for Open and REproducible Science (CORES), Stanford Center
2. New business
  - Edit survey draft (or not) based on comments from James LeBreton (all).
      - Discussed making minor edits (Rick will finish)
  - Updates about Ed O’Brien proposal (Briana, Nicole).
  - Input on PSU libraries grad fellowship application due 1/13 (Briana and all).
      - Decided not to pursue at this time.

**NEXT MEETING**: Wednesday, January 25, 2023, 3:00 PM on <https://psu.zoom.us/my/rogilmore>
