README.md, before:

# roadmap

Roadmap for Penn State Open Science initiatives.

## Domains

- Services to researchers
- Training & technical assistance
- Research/scholarship on open science
    - Springer Nature [survey](https://penn-state-open-science.github.io/springer-nature-survey/)
    - Lazar survey of Huck graduate students
    - RetractionWatch project (Lazar & Gilmore)

## Timeframes

### 2022

#### December

- [x] ~~Submit updated [IRB application](https://penn-state-open-science.github.io/survey-fall-2022/hrp-591.html) (Gilmore)~~.
- [ ] Draft project goals (Hillary)
- [ ] Decide on name
    - [x] ~~Circulate possible names for voting (Gilmore first, then all)~~
    - [ ] Vote on name.

### 2023

- [NASA's Year of Open Science](https://nasa.github.io/Transform-to-Open-Science-Book/Year_of_Open_Science_Guide/readme.html)
- Reboot [R Bootcamp](https://github.com/psu-psychology/r-bootcamp-2019) (Psychology + HDFS + ??)

#### Spring

- Penn State Data Management policy roll-out (TBD, Town Halls probably March)
- Research Data Librarian search, posted soon
- Identify and coordinate with Penn State contact for [Higher Education Leadership Initiative for Open Scholarship (HELIOS)](https://www.heliosopen.org)
- Get PSU as an institutional member in Software/Data Carpentries organization (Briana)

##### January

- [2023-01-11 meeting](meetings.md)
- Support NSF center grant pre-proposal submission by Ed O'Brien.
- Draft and submit application to PSU Libraries for grad fellowship support, **due January 13, 2023**.
    - Wham circulate call
- Deploy, analyze, and report on [survey](https://github.com/penn-state-open-science/survey-fall-2022).
- ASHTEKAR Frontiers of Science public lecture series on Open Science and Big Data (Lazar invited speaker)
- [PSYCH 490](https://psu-psychology.github.io/psych-490-reproducibility-2023-spring/) begins.
- Coordinated communication with research deans re: NIH Data Management Plan start?
    - Wham chairing committee
    - Webinars occurring later in January
- January 17-19, 2023, "Curate-a-thon" genetic sequence data
- [2023-01-25 meeting](meetings.md)
- January 30, 2023, 3:00 PM (Gilmore), Research Computing and Cyber-Infrastructure (RCCI) Research Data Working Group

##### February

- February 1, 2023 (Gilmore), [Talk](https://gilmore-lab.github.io/2023-02-01-nyu-steinhardt) to graduate students at NYU Steinhardt Department of Applied Psychology.
- February 8, 2023 (Lazar), Talk on best practices in data and analysis in archaeology.
- February 9, 2023, 11:00 AM (Wham), SARI, Data management and reproducibility best practices.
- February 13-17, 2023, Penn State Libraries' participation in International "[Love Data Week](https://www.icpsr.umich.edu/web/about/cms/1576)",  
    - Theme: Agents of change
    - Join table in library
    - Promote, collect survey data
    - Speaker? (Spies, Tim Errington @ COS; Hadley Wickham)
- Friday, February 17, 2023, 9:30 AM - 11:30 AM, location TBD, Child Study Center's Open Data & Developmental Science (ODDS) initiative meeting.

#### March

- Wednesday, March 1, 2023, 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM (Gilmore), "Sharing video and image data", presentation in SARI. 
    - Hillary does SARI training in Psychology for 1st and 2nd year students.

#### Summer

- Organization for Human Brain Mapping (OHBM) symposium (possible, Hillary)

#### Fall

- Invited speaker/center kick-off (Nosek?; Berkeley or Stanford folks)

##### October

- "Open" week (see [2022 event](https://www.psu.edu/news/research/story/university-libraries-host-virtual-open-access-week-panel-climate-justice/) on climate research)

### 2024

- Penn State "Journal on Open Science"
- Open science initiatives at the U.S. Government: <https://open.science.gov>, <https://www.whitehouse.gov/ostp/news-updates/2023/01/11/fact-sheet-biden-harris-administration-announces-new-actions-to-advance-open-and-equitable-research/>

#### Spring

#### Summer

#### Fall

Commit message:

Add link to Springer Nature survey.

README.md, after:

# roadmap

Roadmap for Penn State Open Science initiatives.

## Domains

- Services to researchers
- Training & technical assistance
- Research/scholarship on open science
    - Springer Nature [survey](https://penn-state-open-science.github.io/springer-nature-survey/)
    - Lazar survey of Huck graduate students
    - RetractionWatch project (Lazar & Gilmore)

## Timeframes

### Anytime

- Compare Springer Nature [survey data](https://penn-state-open-science.github.io/springer-nature-survey/) on needs for data curation and storage services with internal survey responses.

### 2022

#### December

- [x] ~~Submit updated [IRB application](https://penn-state-open-science.github.io/survey-fall-2022/hrp-591.html) (Gilmore)~~.
- [ ] Draft project goals (Hillary)
- [ ] Decide on name
    - [x] ~~Circulate possible names for voting (Gilmore first, then all)~~
    - [ ] Vote on name.

### 2023

- [NASA's Year of Open Science](https://nasa.github.io/Transform-to-Open-Science-Book/Year_of_Open_Science_Guide/readme.html)
- Reboot [R Bootcamp](https://github.com/psu-psychology/r-bootcamp-2019) (Psychology + HDFS + ??)

#### Spring

- Penn State Data Management policy roll-out (TBD, Town Halls probably March)
- Research Data Librarian search, posted soon
- Identify and coordinate with Penn State contact for [Higher Education Leadership Initiative for Open Scholarship (HELIOS)](https://www.heliosopen.org)
- Get PSU as an institutional member in Software/Data Carpentries organization (Briana)

##### January

- [2023-01-11 meeting](meetings.md)
- Support NSF center grant pre-proposal submission by Ed O'Brien.
- Draft and submit application to PSU Libraries for grad fellowship support, **due January 13, 2023**.
    - Wham circulate call
- Deploy, analyze, and report on [survey](https://github.com/penn-state-open-science/survey-fall-2022).
- ASHTEKAR Frontiers of Science public lecture series on Open Science and Big Data (Lazar invited speaker)
- [PSYCH 490](https://psu-psychology.github.io/psych-490-reproducibility-2023-spring/) begins.
- Coordinated communication with research deans re: NIH Data Management Plan start?
    - Wham chairing committee
    - Webinars occurring later in January
- January 17-19, 2023, "Curate-a-thon" genetic sequence data
- [2023-01-25 meeting](meetings.md)
- January 30, 2023, 3:00 PM (Gilmore), Research Computing and Cyber-Infrastructure (RCCI) Research Data Working Group

##### February

- February 1, 2023 (Gilmore), [Talk](https://gilmore-lab.github.io/2023-02-01-nyu-steinhardt) to graduate students at NYU Steinhardt Department of Applied Psychology.
- February 8, 2023 (Lazar), Talk on best practices in data and analysis in archaeology.
- February 9, 2023, 11:00 AM (Wham), SARI, Data management and reproducibility best practices.
- February 13-17, 2023, Penn State Libraries' participation in International "[Love Data Week](https://www.icpsr.umich.edu/web/about/cms/1576)",  
    - Theme: Agents of change
    - Join table in library
    - Promote, collect survey data
    - Speaker? (Spies, Tim Errington @ COS; Hadley Wickham)
- Friday, February 17, 2023, 9:30 AM - 11:30 AM, location TBD, Child Study Center's Open Data & Developmental Science (ODDS) initiative meeting.

#### March

- Wednesday, March 1, 2023, 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM (Gilmore), "Sharing video and image data", presentation in SARI. 
    - Hillary does SARI training in Psychology for 1st and 2nd year students.

#### Summer

- Organization for Human Brain Mapping (OHBM) symposium (possible, Hillary)

#### Fall

- Invited speaker/center kick-off (Nosek?; Berkeley or Stanford folks)

##### October

- "Open" week (see [2022 event](https://www.psu.edu/news/research/story/university-libraries-host-virtual-open-access-week-panel-climate-justice/) on climate research)

### 2024

- Penn State "Journal on Open Science"
- Open science initiatives at the U.S. Government: <https://open.science.gov>, <https://www.whitehouse.gov/ostp/news-updates/2023/01/11/fact-sheet-biden-harris-administration-announces-new-actions-to-advance-open-and-equitable-research/>

#### Spring

#### Summer

#### Fall
